Hello everyone, thank you guys.
Control Dill now opens the box for the new product and checks the 3 tabs before assembly
It's me.
So we've prepared Today prepared s3 s Banshee noreun one in Korea
It was in a state of pre-arrival.
So let's see if we can find out for a moment.
The price is 1200 yen . The domestic price is about 13,000 won.
Are being sold
The release date is May 14, 2014, but on the 13th in Korea
It became a leading inlet Kshatriya became even dressed as
The Unicorn Theatrical Version 5
It was released a little soon even if it was released in line with the glass Kono va
I do not think so.
Dr. party then we will look at the box art teuneun
I have to say that I have a bit of a bitter heart and now I have to draw a signal
I think too'm still unknowns that come out of this scene in the original
What is not no apparent That's why striking a ball released e condo film reviews yet
And
I do not think there is much inspiration because I make a lot of it .
I'll take a look at the bottom of the box once in the spring.
Set in Lima and three dozen have shown ornithine naohmyeonseo originating in the list mode
Except this is a big moki
Put to sleep wo that the operation of the x's are doing now and again ventured
Say you wrote a clear puzzle on that part of the moon or other parts.
You can equip your adventure anywhere else on the backpack .
You can also equip your arm with Unicorn mode ,
You haejugo Kim explains that things that directly transform the sound where anything is possible
Basically, it's not like you have to do everything .
I feel doubtful that betrayal has been a long time . I personally
After that, Dr. Phat is here for you. Let's see. In manual mode.
let's go
Also, the cover of the manual is in the official future.
Except clear parts, we see a banshi norn with a tool paint.
Looking at this, it's also something like face or chest or hip
You can feel the great use of many clear parts such as skirts and skirts
I have.
Let's go over that and spread it out in the middle .
Basically the information on the mobile suit and on the right is the comic world chair
Comic World is showing.
When the buzzer is from the Ikoma've left but various armed Mervyn Magnum revolving cheosa
In the frame
Oh Well equipped for doing something behind the beam saber doing so many militants are doing xc night
Nwatda to inform you that the implementation of the marking seal is cracked ride
I have a manual.
There is a marking seal from the original unicorn
It dwaeteot the shaman kid is not this more than the amount that's buseogi side front ofa
I think that's enough
I have a lot of things to put together.
I'll take a look at the sd series. Forget it. It's just been around all of a sudden.
Comic World has become a very fun series. This time ,
Catapult that it appeared to come to find me a box of Zerah, plus the Banshee
If I did it first, I would have done it first .
Mercure local control box, the neo'll also ask eojjae bore matter now suddenly
Current city
Inside the box while tightening control Minnetonka then I suddenly remembered my eojin destroyed
Suddenly hitting fingering the part about facing death mean to hit him
In many places, Bansy Norn suddenly awakens as he powers up.
So the engine is Ornie. Now your own self is suddenly gone.
n Just as the background looks like a puppet that will become a robot
Show
Yeah, I got a Unicorn Attack and now I put it on the top again.
U
As you know, I ended up doejyo Yamada little one so that the top is the master
This diet can not give to anyone because of the absolute
Yet while directing the bench and finally finish the fight scenes
Coming out. Next I saw the sd to release.
I am very curious, but I am curious about the empty story.
This is not the case .
I feel sorry.
The only movie that came out to talk with Matt since
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll do it
Now this time malman let you 200 yen to hit a first language
Theres lots of 10 is Chapter Chemie But two of them, including the original view
That's it.
So, the flying guy,
It's eight . Slowly, if you look at the existing uniforms ,
It's the same.
The itguyo the head parts by a tap switch, that the right side is an additional
I do not have the upper space or the tar.
Now this is the way to put the clear parts of the Psycho frame on the bridge
I can see that the bridge has been added .
Some 4
r 2 sets and 2 sets. And c is more clear.
This is not unlike a unicorn, either .
To put clear parts into a bridge, clear parts are put in one corner
I can see the addition.
Inde there long after you tell this to the dinner. Oh, I Banshee
Blade Antenna What is the blade antenna?
What's missing is all these parts.
The face is characterized by the presence of the molars now like the lion.
I know where the next runner you cancer these wont get into what Daeam xc
And what will be the party won another new word in a long time I'm contain Pacifico court
There's probably a seals in here,
Would synching, try to think of the color combinations more precisely existing articles Van
City 2
There was a lot of stimuli on the top of the line ,
They're in.
I have a variety of fe and f 1 ,
To enter
Now you can see that 8 beans are still quiet.
Cancer is something yet is silent on the de parts
Edaga flaxseed and would be more apt to use any further part is movable
It feels good to lose.
Here then is not it better like this is now the last h indeyo
It is clear that'm just parts fit in the eight fields that are traveling separately
It does not contain anything else.
Have
And now came another party is not only about batgetda
I'll have to finish it.
I opened the new App 1 sd Betrayed App Box today.
I think I did something bad, like the two-color injection settings armband gum color
But still
It is expected that such an easy,
I'll sleep here tonight, and I'll finish it up next time.
I'll meet you.
You are a fun brazee until you are happy Now I am finally
I crossed to the far-minute materials Hello, you get busy